How did you read the information? Did you memorize it all?
Oops! You scared me to death! Where have you been?
It's not because of you
I took the photo to repair.
Let you take a good look at the information. Are you lazy here?
I see this money
I'm not slacking off.
I'm just tired of watching
Yeah, I'm just tired.
Take the information back after get off work today and read it slowly.
I'm going to sort it out in detail.
Take it back and take a look.
Come on.
I'm a woman, you make me do so much work
No, you're a man now, huh?
Gee, I don't want to do it anymore.
It's been less than an hour now
Am I tired?
It took so long to do so little
So I don't want to do it anymore
Long enough daylight?
What are you doing?
Am I not working in the company?
Can you put this sentence in a very confident tone?
Say it again
I was very happy at the company during the day
Ah, what are you doing now?
It's so annoying to see what I'm doing, but you don't come to help me
I'm waiting for you to ask.
Annoying you
So do you want to go or not?
Don't press me with this gesture
Humph
You make it clear
I hate your arrogance
Okay, you want me to make it clear, right?
In a word
Mud can't hold up to the wall
Ok I'm leaving
You me what me
I'm not as lazy and useless as you are
I'm not worthless
I have love
Okay, okay, you have love, right?